He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
In the next two months, we will be busy in the hurly-burly of the general elections.
He said the Union Government has got 5 crore toilets built in three years.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
I greatly welcome the growing ties between our parliamentarians, and between our states and Japan’s prefectures.
India is now ripe, for a sweet revolution.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists.
India has jumped 42 places in three years to enter the top hundred in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report 2018.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
This is the fifth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
We have to further fortify that legacy.
TheBishnoi community in the desert land of Rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
As on date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
He was the first Indian who set on a global voyage in a small boat without any modern technology.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
The Prime Minister explained how the Union Government is focused on improving ease of doing business, and ease of living for the citizens.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
During the interaction, the crew made a presentation on various aspects of the mission, their preparation, training, and experiences during the journey.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
Prime Minister assured him of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
Through the UMANG App, more than 100 public services have been made available to the citizens through their mobile phone.
This is indeed, a possession that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even a common person.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
The phase being inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
India contributes over six per cent of global fish production.
SulagittiNarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth.
And, Cyprus too has always reciprocated with its warmth and friendship.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
• The Transport sector will see massive changes in the next few decades with adoption of electric vehicles;
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
He said specific goals should be set on various parameters in definite short timeframes for these districts.
Society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis.
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision that relationships between regions and provinces of two countries are a vital part of nurturing the bilateral relationship.
Armed Forces, the world over know the importance of supply chains.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
The Prime Minister said that India-Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
It has the capacity to make a better society and nation.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
Reading can help broaden one’s thinking.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
To those who are exploring, I promise you that we are committed to further refine our policies and procedures to boost Make in India.
This has hampered growth in inter-state commerce.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
These are also our values.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February, 2001.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
They will not be spared.
She was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor.
He added that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier rolled out the Jan Dhan Yojana to establish financial inclusion.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
Creating a Structured Mechanism for Communication, Mutual Sharing of Best Practices, Creating New Initiatives for Capacity Building and Starting Joint Campaigns, are such areas which can be pursued in mutual interest.
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasahed Ambedkar, and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, he added.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
The Indian Side welcomed the decision to open an office of the Far East Agency in Mumbai.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial help given to India, for this project.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
The Prime Minister said that if man does not nurture nature, then nature reacts in the form of climate change.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
This will be the world’s largest government funded health care programme.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
It aims to create compact walkable communities and bring public transport closer to transit.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, MUDRA & Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
As I am talking to you today , the holy month of Ramzan has already commenced .
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
Getting inspiration from her sacrifice, people came forward and joined her.
He also called upon the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages.
These include:
In the last two years,we have moved towards a low tax regimeon the corporate side.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
Our motto is ‘More crop, per drop.’
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
On the previous three International Yoga Days, people in our country and people all over the world participated with great zeal and enthusiasm.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
What you say is right.
In hockey, India has won the Asia Cup hockey title through its dazzling performance.
Water that belongs to India cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan, he added.
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.
We agreed that efficiency of water and resource use; water conservation and its purification; productivity increases in agriculture are key areas in deepening our bilateral cooperation.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
He said German innovation and Indian youth could together add great dynamism in the start-up space.
This Monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session for social justice and youth welfare.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
They said that the Muslim community would never allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
This is the power of our tourism.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
The wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
But now we live in independent India.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
His pioneering and relentless emphasis on social reform greatly helped the marginalised.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
All this in turn will give a major boost to socio-economic activity in the state, opening up employment opportunities for the local people.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
Honourable Ministers and Senior Delegates from Japan;
They stressed that the primary challenge in large parts of the world remains ensuring rapid and environmentally sustainable economic development, removal of poverty, reducing inequality among and within states, and providing basic health care.
He said the ITI would help empower the youth of the island, with skills.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
4. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information thereon;
Background
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
7. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
My dear countrymen, ‘Mann – Ki – Baat’ has garnered accolades; it has also attracted criticism.
It has resulted in much greater level of engagement of the Japanese industry with the Indian economy.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
This is a vision I share with President Xi and Premier Li.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
They agreed to significantly enhance efforts to build on the convergences through the established mechanisms in order to create the broadest possible platform for the future relationship.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami memorial – Wall of Lost Souls – just before arriving for this function.
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
Foreign investors have made record investments in India today.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
Do your best today.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government, after attaining the age of 62 years, work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
Today, we remember and salute that spirit.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
In our country there is an innate respect for the military and the security forces.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and the hard work of our farmers, for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Currently, we rank sixth in the production and export of honey.
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs. 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of British Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has put in place the framework necessary to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
We are now in the information age.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
This has already shown good results.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
The holy month of Ramzan is observed all across, in prayer with piety.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
To improve last mile delivery, we are improving governance, by increasing access to digital technology.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and, even, neighbouring countries like Nepal.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
Our foreign exchange reserves of more than 400 billion US dollars provide us enough cushion.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
Do you not feel, that for the good of the country, this movement for honesty, needs to be further strengthened?
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
This addresses an issue pending for nearly 24 years.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, especially in uniting the nation.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
I am confident that our discussion and decisions today will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
Cultural and People-to-People Links
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
It also reduces their productivity.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
3. Short term training of human resources in health;
There will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand & adapt.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to proactively monitor the same, with sensitivity.
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate and lay foundation stone for various development projects in Kutch today.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
Fourth, invest in risk mapping globally.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
Independent India has also sent one of the largest numbers of UN Peace-Keepers to places all over the world.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
The arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that Eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected with the Bay of Bengal, through the water route.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
The Prime Minister mentioned the plans to expand the healthcare infrastructure, road network, and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure in the State.
All this will affect energy demand.
I congratulate him on his success.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
It is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
Currently,India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
The external sector remains robust.
The remaining part of the land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment & Public Assets Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
He made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in Delhi.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty amelioration and social justice will be held throughout India.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
For example, if a local fire service visits one school in its area every week, it would sensitize thousands of children over a period of one year.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to further strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
The Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Dalbir Singh, was present on the occasion.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
After the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004, the five worst affected countries brought in new laws for disaster risk management.
This is India’s unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
I urge you to participate in Run for Unity, the festival of mutual harmony.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a fifty – fifty Joint Venture of Government of India and Government of Kerala.
And finally, bring about greater cohesion in international response to disasters.
In many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice.
We are also familiar with Japan’s enormous contributions to the process of development in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said lack of infrastructure is leading to huge losses in the agriculture sector.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
This has generated employment for the poor.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
May you enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh, and the divine surroundings of Parmarth Niketan.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
But, it is a greater honour to have the opportunity to speak with you.
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
The presentation on “Energy and Environment” included suggestions related to various energy sources, and energy efficiency.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
New systems are emerging.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
I urge you to the utmost, let’s join this initiative.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
This gives us new hope.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor people, to the middle class.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
I recently visited the Krishi Unnati Mela organized in New Delhi.
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
Exchanged by
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
This year, Neelakurinji is in full bloom on the hills of Southern Nilgiri like the Ashok Chakra (the wheel of Ashoka) in the Tricolour on our Independence Day.
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
He said that as new laws are made, old ones should be reviewed and weeded out if found unnecessary.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
They underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy, and rule of law as key values to achieve peaceful co-existence.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
They underscored the importance of reform of multilateral financial and political institutions to make them representative and responsive to the needs of developing countries.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
He said if America becomes stronger, India will be a natural beneficiary.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
The prospect of rapid growth places a large responsibility on India’s energy sector.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
He said this move, which will transform tourism is a continuing effort.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
We should follow the spirit of helping the poor to be able to light a Diwali lamp.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and Centre.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
Otherwise, the rate at which the Inflation was rising during previous government’s tenure it would have resulted in huge rise in the budget of the common citizen’s kitchen.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
He mentioned the Jan Dhan Yojana, and said that the poor have now got access to banking facilities.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
Through these food parks, we aim to link agro-processing clusters with key production centres.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
The demand to confer constitutional status on the OBC Commission had existed for years.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
All of you must have celebrated Deepawali with traditional fervour.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
Once inaugurated this facility will deliver 15% of the total gas produced in Assam.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has reached 282 million passengers per annum.
Over a thousand archaic laws have been scrapped.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
He said women now have a greater opportunity to earn extra income, as time spent on cooking has been reduced.
We also need to give importance towards living in harmony with nature and not think about short term gains, he added.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
May the Almighty grant them the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect, with the people around them, and with the people they serve, in course of their duties.
Usually, when people’s movements have arisen, the people and the government have been at loggerheads.
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
Under the Comprehensive Primary Health Care aspect of Ayushman Bharat, we will provide preventive and curative services at primary care level to people near their homes.
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
Our cultural engagement is expanding.
Atal Ji’s passing away is a personal and irreplaceable loss for me.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster.
In order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night.
He will also address a public gathering.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever before.
The size and growth of the Indian market hold much potential.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
Russia reaffirms its strong support to India’s candidature for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
You will be glad to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha remained 118 percent and that of Rajya Sabha was 74 percent.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
If we look at the map of the world, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located at very important places in the Indian Ocean.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
We now have electricity in every village.
He said the work for the sea wall, once completed, will help protect the island of Car Nicobar.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
An average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the MNREGA budget each year on water conservation and water management.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
Inspired by his vision, the ‘National Human Rights Commission’ (NHRC) was formed on 12th October 1993.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most officers the opportunity to interact with each other.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
“My thoughts are with all those affected by floods in parts of Bihar.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
During their meeting, Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
Acknowledging the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had assembled from all parts of the country to meet him today.
Saddened by his passing away.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
13. Information and communication to citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy eating habits; and
It is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
We launched the process of full membership in Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
This is the change.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
The Prime Minister said that it is vital to identify the “last people in the line” so that benefits of governance can reach them.
His biggest contribution in the Freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive “Jan-Aandolan” (People’s Movement).
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
Have you observed the way I have frequently used terms such as ‘the best ever’ or ‘new, unprecedented record’?
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
On the side-lines of this event, I hope the delegates joining us from abroad, shall have some time to see the history and splendour of Delhi.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
Raising the issue of black money at the world stage
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
There was appreciation for India’s economic reform agenda, including GST.
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India also.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
Outcome of the Budget Session
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
Germany ranks 7th among foreign investor countries in India.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
India is also rapidly progressing on the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Competitiveness Index.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official’s zeal.
Translating a thought into reality was his forte’.
Currently, in most countries of the region, penetration of insurance is limited to only middle and upper-middle income groups.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
The brave peacekeepers from this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Budha have sent a message of peace and amity around the world.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
He said the stress has been on preventive healthcare, and improving affordability and access to treatment.
His birthplace was Patna, Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment climate.
Her fortitude in the face of adversity and steadfast opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
The growing depth and variety in our relationship has been accentuated by the harmony between our Act East Policy and ROK’s New Southern Policy.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
Earlier today, I announced direct Air India flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
He will witness a demonstration of activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
The PM took a round through the memorial.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children, and have unrealistic expectations.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
Friends, keeping the inflation under control has caused economic benefits to the poor and middle class consumers.
The situation that has emerged in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, as a fallout of the issue of distribution of the waters of the Cauvery River, is distressful.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
This is a good beginning.
While speaking on Shri Pranab Mukherjee he said, “Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
I extend my best wishes to my countrymen on the pious occasion of Vasant Panchami.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
The Government and the opposition – both are putting forth their view points.
A contribution of equal amount as that of the beneficiary will be made by the Union Government, PM said.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
“Greetings on World Environment Day.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
A boost to the rural economy through this revolution will make the Indian economy even more robust.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and reviewing global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
The celebration of Ganesh Utsav publicly had become an effective medium in promoting a spirit of social awakening, integration, amity and equality among the masses besides projecting a sense of dedication and festivity in them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
To me, Diwali brought a special experience.
Investments through our “Make in India” initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
As a result, more than 32000 cases were confirmed and were put on treatment.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on the theme “technology and rural life.”
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
The two leaders appreciated the major milestones achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
In that context, India has to make its place in the world, he added.
The Prime Minister specially mentioned the State of Meghalaya, which received an award for its achievements in agriculture, in the period under review.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
For these purposes the Sides maintain cooperation between the National Rail and Transportation Institute (Vadodara) of the Republic of India and the Russian University of Transport (MIIT).
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
He said “high-speed corridors” would be regions for rapid growth in the future.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
It is a rare opportunity for you people as well.
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of Coast Guard for their service to the Nation.
This has done away with a vast range of State level and central level taxes through-out India.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
Similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for Lok Sabha and for state assemblies.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
PM summed up his address, saying these efforts of the foundation showcase the importance of transition of ‘I’ to ‘We’, when we rise above ourselves and think about society.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
When we get to know the in depth details of their courage, bravery, valour in detail, we are filled with astonishment and pride and we also get inspired!
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries of the country are also situated in Kerala.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
I am happy that this resolution has been fulfilled today.
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
In view of the importance of the growth of the pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical industry in both countries and the importance of mutual cooperation in trade, industry and production in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical sectors, both the countries have been trying to establish a formal mechanism of bilateral cooperation.
The App is also beneficial for traders.
The Prime Minister said that the feeling of “cleanliness being our responsibility”, needs to be inculcated among all.
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
He said Adi Shankara had imbibed the best of practices from different ideologies and thought.
My dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, I have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
The Prime Minister asserted that more people are paying taxes because they have faith that their money is being used properly and for the welfare of people.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution in our nation’s history, especially during the freedom movement.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
More than 90 percent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
Today, the 11th August, reminds us of a significant event in history.
And, recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Euro zone in 2016.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial matter
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
I have said earlier also that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
India has no dearth of brilliant lawyers and judges.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
We are a young Nation.
But I was also inspired by their courage, ingenuity and resolve to recover from the disaster.
Was it possible if a new era of honesty had not been ushered in the country, in the economy of the country?
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
Exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
We favor the same approaches to ensuring peace and security and shaping a global architecture that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens unity of humankind.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
He interacted with some innovators and beneficiaries.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
They shared the view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor for stability amidst current global uncertainties.
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
“Anguished by the tragic accident in UP’s Etah district.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj is being held in California, United States of America, this year.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
The Framework Agreement has been signed on September 03, 2016.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
Strategic Engagement
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
Congrats to all sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track in ”Usha School of Athletics”.
Early every morning, Jasmer Singh used to leave for work before Rajani and her siblings woke up.
You speak one of the oldest-surviving classical languages in the world.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured in Mandi district, Himachal Pradesh.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
I was told that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
I wish you success in your efforts.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for establishment of new medical colleges attached with existing district/referral hospitals.
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns.
I compliment the Union Ministry of Urban Development led by Venkaiah ji for having formulated a Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
The agreement that was exchanged just now has institutionalized this understanding.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers who look after economic subjects.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
The Prime Minister said that today, the farmer buys in retail, but sells in wholesale.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
He said that in the current financial year, States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre, which represents an increase of about 6 lakh crore rupees, from the last year of the previous government.
Anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here I am, engaging you in matters close to my heart.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ;
Record growth in last two and a half years
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
“I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
The Prime Minister called for an end to the “chalta hai” attitude of complacency, and its replacement with an attitude of “badal sakta hai” for positive change.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
Saddened by his demise.
I congratulate Ecological Protection Organization, their entire team and the people of Chandrapur.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
After a year of hard work, one has the opportunity to display one’s capabilities, so this should be a festival of joy and enthusiasm.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war.
This change brought about two important changes in India’s politics.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has filled every Indian’s heart with pride by clinching the Denmark Open title with his excellent performance.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
Regional and International Cooperation has an important role in providing an added push to our efforts.
I can see a number of Bal Kanahiyas here.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
We live in an era where diamonds are used in spectacles, watches and pens.
He asked NITI Aayog to follow up with the States on the actionable points made by them within three months.
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers, performing Yoga asanas in the lawns of Forest Research Institute, Dehradun, located in the lap of the Himalayas.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
But it is not a test of your life.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano.
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
It is no surprise that today Japan is India’s fourth largest source of FDI.
If you have pursuit of knowledge as your focal point, then by itself you try to acquire and attain a lot more.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Mr. Pravind Jugnauth will be the chief guest of the PBD convention.
Their contributions are deeply valued both in India and in UAE.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat” is inherent in this.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all crucial issues.
Let us build mechanisms to meet global expectations, he asked the Secretaries.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation for our first-ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Who does not know of the sense of adventure?
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
He also believed in the power of education.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
These include: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban); Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation (AMRUT); and the Smart Cities Mission.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks the fulfilment of that.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
Friends, till recently Indian importers had to go abroad to view and purchase rough diamonds.
My heartfelt condolences to the families who have lost their near and dear ones in this hour of grief.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
In the aftermath of a disaster, disaster responders pour in from all over the world.
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
This was the fourth of five such interactions.
He also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
If we talk of 2017-18, 55 percent of the total outlay of Rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
Despite so many hurdles, Rajani did not lose heart & went ahead with her training in boxing.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
It is, therefore, surprising for me to know that there had never been a bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Portugal.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
In addition to Kathmandu, I am also looking forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
As popular business hubs, they also rank high in the levels of Ease of Doing Business.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other eminent dignitaries.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
It is estimated that around 1 to 1.5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a number of different illustrative examples.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
