The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the government.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
For the next two months, we will all be busy with the election fever.
He said that the Central Government has constructed five crore toilets in the last 3 years.
The unique festival of Chhath Puja is completely associated with nature and the worship of nature.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on cooperation and mutual assistance in customs matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the national legal requirements necessary for the entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
I heartily welcome the growing relations between our parliamentarians, our states and the prefectures of Japan.
India is now heading towards a sweet revolution.
The scope of the MoU includes the following areas of cooperation: -
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
India has moved up 42 places in the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Report 2018 over the last three years to break into the top 100.
The Prime Minister thanked the people and Government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra, on behalf of the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River.
For the fifth time, the Prime Minister interacted with various beneficiaries of government schemes through video bridge.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
Now, with the aim of making financial services accessible to people, they will be empowered through smartphones and digital devices.
We have to further strengthen this legacy.
In a desert like Rajasthan, the Bishnoi community has shown us the way to conserve the environment.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
This has been possible due to close cooperation between the Central Government and the State Governments as well as between all political parties.
Uttarakhand and Haryana were also declared ODF this week.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy nation.
Science and Technology
In India, as in most emerging economies, our challenge will grow both horizontally and vertically.
The country runs on peace, goodwill and unity.
So far, progress data of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 ministries have been displayed on this portal.
The Prime Minister asked to speed up the works related to the redevelopment of railway stations and to do constructive work in the field of non-fare revenue.
The Japanese have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
Our players performed well and on the basis of this, India has become the Asia Cup champion after ten years.
This Rudraksha will be a garland of affection from Japan for Varanasi.
Temples were usually built on a sprawling plot away from the residential area.
He was the first Indian to sail around the world in a small boat without any modern technology.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been centres for the spread of social reform.
The founding conference of the alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
He was an influential voice of Karnataka's aspirations in Delhi.
He said that the efforts of the Indian diaspora have ensured respect for the Indian passport everywhere.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our brave security forces deployed at the border.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
Many events related to yoga are being organized all over the world on the occasion of International Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government has focused on "Ease of Doing Business" as well as ensuring "Ease of Living for the citizens of the country."
There is a great need for roads, railways and waterways.
During the interaction, the women crew members gave a presentation based on various aspects of the mission such as preparation, training and experience during the journey.
The establishment of the Chair on Paika Rebellion at Utkal University Bhubaneswar was announced.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support for his successful discharge of his new responsibilities.
He said that it is also a responsibility to conserve as much water as possible carefully.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
Through UMANG App, more than 100 public utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile phones.
In fact, it is an act that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even the common man.
But knowledge is still our best guide.
The phase to be inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
India contributes six per cent of global fish production.
Sulagitti Narasamma was a helper helping pregnant mothers and sisters in childbirth.
Cyprus also reciprocated in a warm and friendly manner.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits of 100 young people from science-related academic disciplines.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Foreign Minister of Palestine to India.
In the next few decades, there will be a huge transformation in the transportation sector after the adoption of electric vehicles;
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
He said that specific targets based on various parameters should be set for these districts in a short time-frame.
The society and the family need to pay attention to this.
He had invested his entire life's earnings by just trusting one of your signs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Babu Jagjivan on his birthday.
Reiterating his vision, the Prime Minister said that facilitators are a strong and vital component towards promoting bilateral relations between the regions and provinces of the two countries.
Armed forces all over the world know the importance of supply chains.
"" "I will be in Jakarta on May 29 at the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo," "" "he said." ""
Going out of the house for the first time, going out of the village, getting out of a protective environment, one has to become one's own charioteer.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with him.
In a few days, we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
I will also visit religious places that have a cultural connect with India.
And in that first meeting itself, I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection for India.
This is the seventh interaction in the series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the relationship between the two countries has gained momentum in the last few years.
It has the potential to build a better society and nation.
The woman is empowered, now she is also becoming armed.
Along with these, other changes have also received the attention of the global community.
Reading helps people broaden their horizons.
Let us now join hands more closely and firmly.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends & supporters at this tragic time.
The Prime Minister said today, a sportsperson's life spans many decades in today's time.
To those who are looking for opportunities in India, I promise that we are committed to further refining our policies and procedures to promote Make in India.
This has hindered the growth of interstate trade.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish seller.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah, the Prime Minister said that the momentum generated during this campaign should not be lost.
These are our values as well.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital, Lahartara.
Under this, we provide about 700 scholarships annually for studies in Sri Lanka and India.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
He was appointed a permanent judge in the Gauhati High Court on 28 February 2001.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
He said that Amul's brand is known worldwide and has become a source of inspiration across the globe.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The MNREGA funds provided by the Government of India for water conservation and water management have been very well received by some.
They will not be spared.
She was a woman who could have led a comfortable life but she was busy serving the poor.
He said that the cooperative movement is a syncretism with the nature of Indian society.
To continue our commitment to the region, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand homes in off-region areas under this project.
The theme of IEF-16 is' The Future of Global Energy Security '.
Today Mudra Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs.
You can also become a very big catalyst agent in increasing the tourism of the country by using the time from this month of October to the month of March.
The MoU will help in enhancing bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier launched the 'Jan Dhan Yojana' to ensure financial inclusion.
The increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority sectors.
Creating structured mechanisms for communication, mutual sharing of best practices, taking new initiatives for capacity building, and launching joint campaigns are topics that can be worked on keeping mutual interests in mind.
The central government has recognised great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasaheb Ambedkar and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
The team is led by captain Mithali Raj.
The Indian side welcomed the opening of the Far East Agency office in Mumbai.
It finds inspiration through the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial support for the project.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
This provides a mechanism for capturing rising land values.
The Prime Minister said if one does not nurture nature, nature reacts in the form of climate change.
If possible, we elders of the family also go and play with these children in the open.
Brothers and sisters, In this year's budget, a major decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their crops.
Your Majesty and I have discussed ways to shift our energy relations in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
The two leaders will also make their statements to the media.
You have absorbed our culture and made it your own.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in discharging his new responsibilities.
Member countries can use BRICS countries' labour research institutions and social security cooperation frameworks to collaborate on social security and other labour-related issues.
A number of aspects emerged that could certainly be of benefit to the students.
It will be the world's largest government-funded health programme.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
The aim is to create a least mobile community and bring public transport closer to transit.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Central Government would look into their demand.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
Through Jan-Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, Mudra and Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
As I speak to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
These achievements have been made before some of the recent major reforms.
By removing physical barriers at state borders, GST will accelerate efficiency in furthering long-distance transportation.
Inspired by this sacrifice, people extended their hands in service.
He called for the university for the overall development of these 100 villages.
These include:
During the last two years, we have moved towards a lower tax rate regime from a corporate point of view.
My young friends, you know very well that I keep on saying 'Mann Ki Baat'.
He said that the launch of IPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
Similarly, when you are strong as a country, you can be peaceful with everyone.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to the Make in India programme.
Our slogan is more crops, perks.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
He said that there is a strong need to prepare a proper blueprint at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
On the last three International Yoga Days, people from all over the country and the world participated with great enthusiasm.
The Paika Rebellion was waged in Odisha against the British Raj in 1817.
You must have heard a lot about Aquarius.
You're correct.
In hockey, India has won the Asia Cup Hockey title with a great performance.
He said India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Plan document for Narmada Pravah - River Narmada.
We have agreed that water efficiency and resource use; water conservation and treatment; and productivity enhancement in agriculture are key areas towards strengthening our bilateral cooperation.
You too take part in this and especially I would urge you to show these things to the children.
He said that German innovation and Indian young start-ups can provide dynamism in the field of space.
This Monsoon Session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
He said the Muslim community would not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
Now this is the great strength of our tourism.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
The kind of affection, the reverence and the sense of grief that poured in the entire country for Atal ji reflects his towering personality.
The Prime Minister spoke about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
Today, we stand here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will also launch air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas pave the way for a New India.
But we are in independent India.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
As of August 2017, Indian soldiers have served in about 50 of the UN's 71 peacekeeping operations worldwide.
He said that sanitation is the only solution for preventive health care.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
In addition, I also look forward to meeting with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS countries, at the Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue event hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
The entire ambience is pervaded by the pious fragrance.
His path-breaking and tireless emphasis on social reform helped the underprivileged immensely.
I have been saying that this twenty-first (21st century) is Asia's century.
Overall, it will give impetus to the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the local people.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity, but also lead to time and efficient project completion.
A mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari was performed at the event.
Hon'ble Ministers and senior members of the Japanese delegation;
Both sides stressed that in large parts of the world, the primary challenge is to achieve rapid and environmentally sustainable economic growth, eradicate poverty, reduce mutual and inter-country inequalities, and provide basic healthcare.
He said that the ITI will help empower the youth of the islands with skills.
Now let me talk specifically about food processing.
Rules for the exchange of medicines, medical devices and information 4.
Background
Dedicated freight corridors are being developed to decongest the railway network in the country.
7. Availability of health equipment and pharmaceutical products.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
My dear countrymen, 'Mann Ki Baat' has been appreciated as well as criticised.
The result has been an even greater partnership of Japanese industries with the Indian economy.
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
This is the shared vision of myself, President Xi and Premier Li.
This law will play an effective role in curbing cases of crime against women and girls.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in the world.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will easily reach the remotest places and people living there, across the country.
This movement has been taken forward very piously by him.
Just two days ago, I have written a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister further said that for a start-up to succeed, it needs to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
Ujjwala Yojana for clean energy to the people of the country, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojana for financial inclusion are reflections of this spirit.
They also agreed to comprehensively enhance their efforts to further develop the existing convergences through the already established mechanisms in order to create the largest platform possible for future relations.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people have taken advantage of it.
The Prime Minister said that the task of building toilets was done like a mission.
The festival of Chhath is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers, ponds.
I heartily congratulate the people of the school of Chandrapur, these little friends of mine.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the tsunami memorial - the Wall of Lost Souls - just before arriving for the ceremony.
A high-level Russian delegation will visit India to promote Indian investments in the Far East and to organise investment road-shows.
Last year was the year of Nelson Mandela's birth centenary.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
From cause-lists to case-law, the lawyer's library is now a click away from your mobile.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
Do your best today.
The purpose of this approval is to ensure that doctors of Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in the areas of specialization on attaining the age of 62 years.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
AIIB's investment in sustainable infrastructure can be expected to make a positive difference to the lives of billions of people.
Today, we remember and salute their courage.
He expressed confidence that through scientific temper, technological innovation and R & D, the graduating students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into a profitable business.
In our country, there is an innate respect for the army, for the security forces.
The 'BHIM-Aadhaar App' remains a marvel for digital transactions within the world.
In fact, from Kanyakumari to Kashmir, from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these three-four months are exams.
I would also request the listeners of 'Mann Ki Baat' who work on Sanskrit to consider how to take forward Komal ji's suggestion.
The Prime Minister lauded the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
At present, we are the sixth largest producer and exporter of honey.
The central government will immediately release financial assistance of Rs 325 crore for Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
In this context, he also mentioned his meeting this morning with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka on 17 October 2018.
I hope this will help us move forward.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of UK Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has created the necessary framework to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
We are now in the information age.
7. Deployment of a mid-level health provider at the sub-centre level who is trained in primary health care and public health capacity.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
It is yielding good results.
The government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with pious fervour throughout the world.
It is painful to see disaster victims.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted figure in villages.
We are improving governance by increasing access to digital technology to improve delivery to the last mile of society.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play an important role in spreading the vision and teachings of Dr. Ambedkar.
Even the most ordinary citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different, a transcendental feeling.
He said that the government is fulfilling special requirements to bring the northeastern region at par with other states of the country.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The day of Lord Mahavira's birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Maybe, these words of mine today will also serve as a relaxation for you.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
These hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand including Nepal.
Tezu Airport has been redesigned to suit commercial operations under the UDAN scheme.
He said that our universities need to move from traditional teaching to innovative education.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Central Government.
Our foreign exchange reserves of over US $400 billion provide us with ample cushion.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
Don't you think that the movement of honesty needs to be given more strength for the good of the country?
I salute all those bravehearts from the bottom of my heart.
This will put an end to the issue which has been pending for almost 24 years.
We are confident that our people will be decisive partners in our endeavour to create solutions that are responsive, collective and inclusive.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
Addressing the people on the occasion, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, especially towards the unity of the country.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly.
Today, cross-border transactions are continuously increasing due to e-commerce and increasing trans-border mobility of people.
I am confident that today's discussions and decisions will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
Portals and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He called the GST a "Good and Simple Tax" that would ultimately benefit the people.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress to be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after assuming office as the Prime Minister, in keeping with the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
Culture and people-to-people contact.
He said that better connectivity in the Northeast will also connect the region to the economy of Southeast Asia.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
After unveiling the plaque for inauguration, the Prime Minister walked for a few minutes towards the visit of the bridge.
This reduces their productivity.
In such a situation, Consumer Protection is a subject that is an important component of increasing business in this area.
3. Short-term training of human resources in health.
Value addition in tourism will happen only when we try to get it as a student and not just as a visitor.
He said that Operation Greens announced in the recent budget will be beneficial for farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions and potatoes.
We fully stand with Portugal in this hour of grief.
This will not only ease the movement of trains but will also help in the all-round development of the Bundelkhand region.
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to monitor it proactively with sensitivity.
· The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including at multilateral events.
He noted that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
He will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of various development projects in Kutch today.
He has done a great job in this moment of crisis.
Fourth, there is a need to invest in risk mapping globally.
And for this, you people will also have to take strict steps.
The agreement will facilitate revenue collection claims made by both countries.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of inter-state relations in the 21st century.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
The agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
Independent India has sent a large number of United Nations peacekeepers around the world.
As an experienced parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Almost all the countries of the world made this occasion of yoga their own.
Aviation fuel demand is expected to quadruple by 2040, driven by growth in the aviation sector.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
With the amendment to the Arbitration Act, the arbitration process will now be expedited.
Speaking about the arrival of the first inter-country container ship in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterways.
Without worrying about her health, Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads.
Taking the lead in this campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to people to send messages to the brave soldiers of our armed forces.
This has benefited lakhs of artisans and workers.
The Prime Minister initiated the virtual consecration of the statue by pressing the button.
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of basic health services, road networks, and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure.
All this will affect the demand for energy.
I congratulate him for this achievement.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
And even at a young age, this situation has been reached.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the common people of India and Nepal.
At present, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
The external sector is still quite strong.
The remaining land will be managed as per the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The Indian community in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral relations.
Dr Haier was accompanied by senior officials of the bank.
Low labour costs, a large domestic market, and macroeconomic stability have made India an attractive investment destination.
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deepest condolences for the loss of lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
After hockey, there was good news for India in badminton as well.
He did incredible work to serve the refugees in Delhi after partition.
Every athlete representing India at the Commonwealth Games-2018 inspires us.
Best wishes to all of you on all these festivals.
It will have separate programmes on village development, poor welfare and social justice across India.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
For example, if a firefighter visits a school in their area every week, it will make schoolchildren sensitive to this throughout the year.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to strengthening the time-tested and unique ties between India and Mauritius.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test of Agni-V.
We salute the courage and invaluable services of the Indian Army.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some facilities for visitors.
My personal contacts with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan go back nearly a decade now.
Chief of the Army Staff General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekananda that she renounced her happy and prosperous life and dedicated her life to the service of the poor.
This proposed bill would ensure more transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to the Tripartite Faculties.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
Drug regulation and drug quality control;
Bharat Net aims to provide last mile internet connectivity in the country.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their gurus, mentors, and teachers who have guided them since childhood.
Today, the President and I have had a detailed discussion.
After the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the five worst affected countries enacted new laws on disaster risk reduction management.
One of the special beauties of India is that in our culture, spirituality and science complement each other.
I urge all of you to take part in this celebration of 'Run for Unity'.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala 50:50.
And ultimately, there has to be greater international coherence in dealing with disasters.
In many parts of the country, our jawans and farmers had shown their bravery and stood up against injustice.
We are also aware of Japan's tremendous contribution to the development process in other parts of the world, especially Asia and Africa.
He stressed that 'We, the People' should also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has from us.
Now the corporatization of the company has become a matter of one day.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
Stressing on the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said that in the absence of infrastructure, the agriculture sector suffers a huge loss.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do whatever it can to provide adequate water to farmers.
Livelihoods have reached the hands of the poor.
These operations have taken place in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and many countries across the globe.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
You can enjoy a stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environs of Parmarth Niketan.
I am thankful to Akbar Saheb.
I had appealed to convert brain-drain into brain-gain.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
But to have the opportunity to speak with you is an even greater honor.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
The presentation on 'Energy and Environment' included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
He encouraged them to share specific experiences during the visit and to write on the subject.
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
New systems are born.
All major agencies such as the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, and the Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate to be 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
I urge you all to join this initiative.
Both sides welcomed the setting up of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma in Russia.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of the Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering for celebrating Dhanwantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
This work gives a new confidence.
This shows our commitment to provide houses to the poor and the middle class.
It left a deep impression on my mind.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
We are delivering our value to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
I recently went to the Krishi Unnati Mela in Delhi.
He also dedicated to the nation the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant.
exchange by them.
New Tamil Nadu is not possible without New India.
This year, on the hills of the Nilgiris in the south, it is our Neelakurinji blooming like the Ashoka Chakra of the Tricolour in celebration of the country's independence.
He pointed out that these steps are bringing a change in the lives of common people.
We want to build land, sea and air connectivity in the region.
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Anjar.
He said that as soon as new laws are made, the old laws should be reviewed and if unnecessary, the old law should be scrapped.
Training is being imparted for employment and self-employment with a view to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that development is the best solution to all forms of violence.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled at the earliest.
Both underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful co-existence.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
He stressed the importance of reforming multilateral financial and political institutions to make them more representative and sensitive to the needs of developing countries.
He listed a number of initiatives, including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
It is a matter of great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
The Prime Minister said, "Gujaratis celebrate the start of the New Year on the day after Diwali.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
Independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
• The cow is considered to be the mother here.
Similar steps have been taken towards issuing cyclone alerts.
We will also encourage and facilitate trade and industry between our two countries to enhance the quality and quantity of bilateral trade.
There are opportunities like this waiting to be tapped.
If the US is strong, it will naturally benefit India.
It was a constant thing to degrade our culture and make us feel inferior.
The Russian side expressed interest that Russia would like to participate in the international competitive bidding process when India's Ministry of Railways decides on projects to increase the speed of trains.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held an informal meeting with all Secretaries to the Government of India, and senior officials of the Ministries.
I firmly believe that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
Recently, Neeraj ji, the beloved poet of our country, left us.
The prospect of rapid growth places a great responsibility on India's energy sector.
23. Both sides appreciated efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the states of India and the regions of Russia.
In a way, this is a period full of very important events in the life of the nation.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
He said that the effort to transform the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of that idea.
We both agree that urgent action needs to be taken by all countries against nations that create, support, shelter and allow these factories of terror to continue in our region.
At the same time, the important responsibility of the country is to protect its citizens.
Let us work with the spirit of buying Khadi and lighting a Diwali lamp in the house of the poor.
He distinguished himself as a hard-working and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and at the Centre.
Another important aspect of the project is that close to a thousand women and 23 transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail system.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of early reform of the UN Security Council.
He said that the Central Government is also laying a lot of emphasis on the development of waterways.
The Agreement will help in the availability of information relevant to the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
Otherwise, if inflation had continued to grow at the same pace as it did under the previous government, the kitchen budget of the common citizen of the country would have increased a lot.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only when it benefits the common man.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, all other agencies in dealing with the flood situation so far.
He said the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
It gives me great pleasure to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
Ahead of the International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister took to social media to explain the intricacies of various yoga postures.
Write down a few things about the life there, not just the buildings, not just the natural beauty.
The Prime Minister referred to the 'Jan Dhan Yojana' and said that the access of the poor has now been ensured to banking services.
In order to realize the motto of Sabka Saath - Sabka Vikas, on the eve of New Year, the government is coming up with some new schemes for 1.25 billion citizens of the country.
However, our aim with regard to these food parks is to connect the agro-processing cluster with the main production centre.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Gujarat, Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and senior officials of the state government, disaster relief agencies and the PMO.
In this way, national assets will be put to the best possible use in the national interest.
There had been a demand for constitutional space to the OBC Commission for years.
"Warm greetings to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
In July this year, we have implemented a uniform Goods and Services Tax system across the country.
The weather has become pleasant with heavy rains lashing many parts of the country.
At the same time, there is enthusiasm that joint India-Indonesia CEO talks are on the anvil.
The Prime Minister said, "Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been admired by people across generations.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
He said that the new format of the conference has significantly improved the quality of discussions.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will come up in the region.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
Stable, predictable and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
The 182-metre tall statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary at Kevadia in Narmada district of Gujarat.
We have achieved more capacity in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
Diwali will be celebrated with great joy for all of you.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on December 1.
1.25 billion Indians are waiting to welcome the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests of India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic ties.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technological applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
This will add 15% more gas to the total gas produced in Assam.
His calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
This October is the month to remember so many of our great men.
This has relieved rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is no more with us.
He is currently touring various parts of India as part of an initiative called 'Watan Ko Jano'.
This rail line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 282 million per year.
More than a thousand archaic laws have been abolished.
The Prime Minister told the Board members of USISPF that India and the United States have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
Such efforts create undue hardships, especially for those from developed and least developed countries who are at the bottom.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep the historical heritage safe and clean.
Along with this, she is also doing a skill development course.
Peacekeeping operations are not easy tasks.
From Itanagar, the Prime Minister will return to Guwahati.
He said that women now have a great opportunity to earn extra income as the time spent in the kitchen has reduced.
He said that we also need to value living in harmony with nature and not think about short-term gains.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
My first two programmes will be at Sabarmati Ashram.
He also said that the delay in crossing the state borders will now save burning fuel and will also benefit the environment.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana-National Rural Livelihoods Mission has been launched in all the states.
Don't let this opportunity go by hand, friends.
May God give them the courage and strength to bear this irreparable loss.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop contacts with the people around them and with the people they meet in the course of their duties.
Usually, when there are movements for good, the government and the people are at loggerheads.
This reflects India's desire to set global standards.
Under Ayushman Bharat's comprehensive primary healthcare, we will provide the service of prevention and treatment of diseases near people's homes at the primary level.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
It may be revoked by either party after six months' prior notice in writing to the other party.
The choices we make today will define our collective future.
It is a matter of happiness for me that along with my partner and friend President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, I got the opportunity to jointly inaugurate this conference.
He said that people should learn about local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
For me, Atalji's demise is a personal and irreparable loss.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister described water as a gift from nature.
The world has seen price fluctuations for a long time.
These brave sons of ours had kept night and day together so that the countrymen could sleep peacefully.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
This will help in better health and maternity care for the vulnerable sections of the society.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever.
The vast size and growth of the Indian market holds immense potential.
He lauded them for their dedication towards education as well as making it a life mantra.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
I have been saying that the 21st century is Asia's century.
Russia has strongly supported India's bid for permanent membership of a reformed UN Security Council.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide universal coverage of seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15th August, 2018.
He also offered prayers at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple.
When I read Savarkar ji's book 'Mazi Janmathe', I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail.
The Prime Minister recalled their meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
Nikki Haley conveyed US President Trump's best wishes to Prime Minister Modi during the meeting.
You will be happy to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118% and that of Rajya Sabha was 74%.
Even hairstylists are deciding the hair design of their clients.
The government is also working towards the goal that every person in the country has his own house by 2022.
Looking at the world map, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
His unparalleled contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
The train is likely to significantly reduce the travel time between the two cities.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and growth.
Now electricity has reached every village of our country.
He said that once the seawall is ready, it will be helpful in protecting the Car-Nicobar Island.
The Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in this sector.
Every year, an average of 32 thousand crore rupees has been spent on water conservation and water management apart from the MNREGA budget.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome an ardent friend and supporter of India.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his regards to the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr. Mahathir Mohamad.
This, he said, would eliminate middlemen and save the government.
Inspired by his vision, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was constituted on 12 October 1993.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officers to interact with each other.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
He said that the Central Government is determined to complete all its campaigns with the help of the people.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through the GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
These mountains here automatically inspire yoga and Ayurveda.
The Prime Minister said, "My thoughts are with those affected by the floods in various parts of Bihar.
He praised the spirit of the people of the Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the islands after the Tsunami.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister warmly welcomed President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been established at the University of Lisbon.
Acknowledging the greetings of Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed happiness that they had come from all parts of the country to meet him.
Saddened by the demise of George Sahab.
For life to be healthy, the first requirement is cleanliness.
13. Informing and informing citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy food habits.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household in the country.
The Prime Minister said "this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of the people of our country for independence."
During the interaction today, the Prime Minister elaborated on India's policies in the area of climate change and environmental sustainability.
We started the process of full membership at the Tashkent meeting last year.
This is change.
Thanks to these efforts, we have been able to improve our Ease of Doing Business ranking from 142 to 77.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for his condolences and offer of assistance.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
The Prime Minister said that it is important to identify the "last in the line" so that the benefits of governance reach them.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a mass movement.
The MoU will help in moving towards attracting Saudi Arabian institutions for potential investment in the infrastructure sector in India.
Look at how many times I've used words like best of all time, greatest of all time in the last few minutes.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the government is to provide an affordable health care system for the poor.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations working to protect the environment.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
That is, in a way, a system is being created to connect the farm with any market in the country.
Also, the people here have a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
He said that the implementation of GST shows that India has the ability to take big decisions and implement them fast.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovation through underground mining and use of latest technology for coal gas extraction.
I hope the delegates from abroad will have some time to see the history and glory of Delhi.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often turn to drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
Raising the issue of black money on a global platform
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate farm credit is available.
Once in Kolkata, during a match, an opposition player hit a hockey on the head of Dhyan Chand ji.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
His singing will continue to attract people towards Sufi music.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Sulwade Jamfal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
One such example has been given to us by the family of Shriman Gurbachan Singh ji.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
Our soldiers also performed yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
He congratulated all those associated with the making of this statue.
There was praise for India's various economic reform agendas, including the GST.
He noted with great concern the rise of terrorism and violent extremism and the growing threat of its universal reach.
We have come together to shape and support our common activities and efforts in the international context.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Purani Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
This is changing the supply perspective;
When India is clean, healthy, only then will India prosper.
He hoped that the medal winners would not be lost in the glare of fame and awards and would devote their full attention to excellence.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
Consequences of convening the budget session
Under the 'Ayushman Bharat Yojana', the Government of India and the insurance company will together pay an expenditure of Rs 5 lakh in 1 year for the treatment of about 10 crore families i.e. about 50 crore citizens.
Germany ranks 7th among countries investing in India.
The most important role on this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
He said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh as much as to India.
India's position in the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index, and Global Competitiveness Index is also progressing rapidly.
The disposal of public grievances in 17 areas was also reviewed.
Now some other important decisions have also been taken in the interest of the farmer brothers.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the entire world and hoped that it will become a new ray of hope for the next generation.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on fast-paced work on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North East region.
A legacy that binds our society for generations and across centuries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary celebrations of the Karnataka Lingayat Education Society in Belagavi.
"I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
Somewhere there is a story of an innovation about cleanliness or news of a change brought about by an officer's passion.
It was his mastery to bring the idea to fruition.
Right now in the region, most countries have limited insurance coverage only for the middle to upper middle classes.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will also not lag behind any other state in this race, and will keep pushing and moving forward.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have spread the message of peace and harmony across the world.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for establishing the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined our programme of cooperation in this area.
The progress of important projects in the road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, Kozigund-Banihal Tunnel, Chenab Railway Bridge and Jiribam-Imphal Project were reviewed.
Sister Nivedita ji also cooperated with the great scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu.
He said that the main focus of the government is preventive healthcare and the main goal is to improve affordability and access to treatment.
Janmabhoomi in Patna, Karmabhoomi in North India and the last moment of life in Nanded.
That's why we're constantly working to improve our investment climate.
His courage in the face of adversity and his constant opposition to imperialism can never be forgotten.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
The growing depth and diversity of our relations is made more evident by the convergence of our Look East Policy and the New South Policy of the Republic of Korea.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development in Patna.
Earlier today, I announced direct Air India flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan forward.
An unexpected number of countries from all over the world joined hands with us.
They will also witness demonstration of several activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card generation, etc.
The Prime Minister's engagements on Gandhi Jayanti, October 2, 2018, will focus on events related to sanitation and renewable energy.
The Prime Minister took a full tour of the memorial.
He said that we not only have to stop reaching the end goal as a country but also have to work together to eliminate the social stigma associated with this disease.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
The medal winners called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
Friends, Our shared heritage of culture and trade will be as strong in the future as the emotional ties between us.
This target has been recently achieved in about 17,000 villages, he added.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are stressed about their children's exams and have unrealistic expectations.
Strong person-to-person contact and the presence of a large Indian diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for these ties.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
It was with this spirit that I started a similar movement called 'Vanche Gujarat' when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
Tababi Devi, a young player of 16 years, hails from a village in Manipur.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited financially due to the curb on inflation.
The situation that has arisen in Karnataka-Tamil Nadu over the sharing of Cauvery water is very sad.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
He unveiled a logo for the launch of the 'Save Mother Earth and Transfer to Next Generation' programme.
It's a good beginning.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, "Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event organised by the Press Council of India to mark National Press Day.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said that today he himself is experiencing how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he was experiencing a special energy in the atmosphere from this mass recital.
Nordic solutions in non-polluting technologies, sea-based solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture were discussed.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
Best wishes to my countrymen on the auspicious festival of Basant Panchami.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohamad for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
In the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in addressing grievances related to post offices and railways.
Both for and against this topic, people are giving their views.
An amount equal to the amount contributed by the beneficiary will be contributed by the central government, he said.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has said, "Greetings on World Environment Day.
They will present certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The boost to the rural economy through this revolution will further strengthen the Indian economy.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the 'High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development', in coordinating as well as reviewing the global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
59. Both sides committed to further strengthening nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
Whether it is a grandparent or a grandparent, a parent, a son or a daughter, all three generations should do yoga together and upload his picture.
Public Ganeshotsav had become an effective medium of carrying forward the traditional reverence and celebration as well as the spirit of social awakening, collectivity, harmony and equality among the people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Sahakar Sammelan on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar, in New Delhi.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred best practices and simulations.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
This time, every devotee will also be able to have a pious darshan of Akshayavat after taking a holy bath at the Sangam.
An Indian delegation led by the Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation, Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
For the first time from the Badal-Qila of independence, the tricolor was hoisted on the 75th anniversary of the Azad Hind Government.
18. It will be aligned with the National Health Protection Mission proposed under Ayushman Bharat.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been reduced, the maximum limit on insurance has been removed, and the amount of claims disbursed to farmers has been increased.
Diwali brought a special experience for me this time as well.
Investments through our 'Make in India' initiative have received extensive support from other programmes such as' Digital India 'and' Skill India '.
As a result, more than 32,000 cases were confirmed and started treatment.
He said that he himself has been to the North Eastern Region more than 25 times in the last four years.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on "Technology and Rural Life."
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
When you read inside, learn how our youth today strive to make a difference in the lives of ordinary people by making smart and creative use of technology.
The two leaders expressed happiness at the major achievements resulting from the Special Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
He detailed the benefits that the Swachh Bharat Mission will bring to the health and tourism sector.
The Prime Minister said India is rapidly moving towards becoming a gas-based economy.
The Court's refusal to enforce the judgment can only be done in accordance with international practices.
He said that in the same context, India has to make its place in the world.
The Prime Minister specifically mentioned Meghalaya, which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the period under review.
The objective of the MoU is to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state through various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana, and Saubhagya.
Trade unions so recognised will be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
The Prime Minister said that over three lakh companies have come under scrutiny due to the investigation of data mining that took place after demonetisation.
Under the "Eat Right India" campaign, Swasth Bharat Yatras are being taken out across the country.
For this purpose, both sides emphasized the continued cooperation between the National Institute of Rail and Transport (Vadodara) and the Russian Transport University (MIIT).
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
The Prime Minister has suggested to work faster in the field of electronic toll collection.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have hit an all-time low.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
He said that "High Speed Corridors" will emerge as an area of growth with accelerated pace in the future.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
You've never had an opportunity like this in your life.
The Prime Minister will formally inaugurate the Bhagwad Gita by opening its pages.
All these are aimed at bringing about sweeping changes in the country and paving the way for the creation of a 'New India'.
He said the award also indicates the priorities of the government.
On this occasion, I thank all the officers and men of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
A number of state-level and central-level taxes have been abolished across India.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries are also planned during the BRICS summit.
Similarly, nowadays, you see that discussions are going on in the country about holding simultaneous elections to the Centre and the states.
In today's hectic and fast-paced life, yoga brings peace to one's life by uniting the mind, body, and spirit.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects are clear.
The Prime Minister said that these efforts of the Foundation reflect the importance of the transition from 'me' to 'we', when we think of society as rising above ourselves.
This time the golden jubilee of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
One gets the mantra that society can fight against superstition with faith.
When we know the depth of their courage, valor, and valor, we are surprised, proud, and inspired.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are given a lot of importance in Ramadan.
But when we talk about Ganesh Utsav, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
Friends, It is also very heartening to have the United Nations as a partner in this entire process.
That is why so many letters have come about agriculture.
He also asked senior central government officials to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Kerala is also home to some of the oldest colleges, schools, and libraries in the country.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana has provided risk insurance to millions of people who desperately need it.
"We are constantly trying to simplify procedures for small businesses.
The Prime Minister said schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping in better financial inclusion.
I am happy that today this resolution is being fulfilled.
And that's why the biggest memory recall drug, if there is one, is relaxation.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
We can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country in the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' movement.
Be it relief and rescue work or disaster management, the country is grateful to our Air Warriors for their commendable work.
The month-long expedition will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna through river rafting.
Considering the importance of bilateral cooperation in the development of the pharma industry and bio-pharma industry in both countries and trade, production, research and development in the pharma sector, both countries have been endeavouring to create a formal mechanism for bilateral cooperation.
This app is also beneficial for traders.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of 'Swachhata is our responsibility' needs to be inculcated in all of us.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
Gradually, the work will progress in that direction.
He said Adi Shankaracharya imbibed the goodness of different schools of thought and reflected on them.
My dear countrymen, like every time, this time too I have received all your letters, emails, phone-calls and comments in large quantities.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, as he is confident that their money is being put to good use, which is for the welfare of the people.
Gujarat has made significant contributions to the history of the country, especially during the freedom movement.
I have fond memories of working with Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and government.
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being granted through the automatic route.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feelings of having to go through something, are also natural.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh rupees per family every year.
Today, August 11, is associated with an important date for history.
It has been one of the countries with the highest growth rate in the Eurozone in 2016.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial Matters
In the freedom struggle movement, on the call of Mahatma Gandhi, people from every section of the society dedicated themselves.
The Prime Minister will release the Innovation and Startup Policy for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
I want to see a reading and library movement like this all over the country.
With the programmes launched today, you can get an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
It has been lived by our ancestors for centuries.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is the honour of the people of India.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of service is a part of our culture.
He said the central government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the health care system.
He worked to unite the people by awakening national consciousness.
I've said before that the combination of your hardware and our software will be tremendous.
There is no dearth of talented lawyers and judges in India.
India can proudly say that not only the male power but also the female power is contributing as much to the armed forces in India's army.
Under that scheme, our poor brothers and sisters will get loans, grants and subsidies from the government.
But this is the first time for me to come to Def-Expo.
We are a young country.
But I was inspired by the courage, ingenuity and resolve of the people to overcome the calamity.
Was this possible if a new era of honesty had not begun in the country, in the country's economy?
He said that Varanasi has a lot of tourism potential and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
The exam itself should be a joyous occasion.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
It provides for creating frameworks and enabling environments for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies, etc.
He hailed the Prime Minister as a great leader and a "world leader."
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping a world order that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens the unity of humankind.
I assure that the Government of India is committed to extend all necessary support to the State's efforts in combating these diseases.
Yoga adds to this dispersion.
He also interacted with some of the innovators and beneficiaries.
The Prime Minister said under Ayushman Bharat, 1.50 lakh health and wellness centres are being built.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia through spices is world-renowned.
The Maratha navy was responsible for the defence of these forts.
We have a robust and conducive investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
They collectively believed that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China would prove to be a positive factor amid the prevailing global uncertainty.
The Air Force also gave a befitting reply to the enemies in 1965.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government is working for the welfare of farmers.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
The Prime Minister exhorted these students to work hard towards realising their vision.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
The economic and social benefits of a metro rail system are well known.
Congratulations to our Junior Hockey Team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
In August 2016, a stricter set of rules was put in place to curb benami transactions.
Duplication of the process followed by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the Central and State levels will be prevented.
January, February, March, April - all these months are critical months in every family.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have got an opportunity to do social work among tribals in his youth.
17. Expansion of vaccination to all states is proposed.
The first eighty to ninety large merchants had access to rough diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa, and Israel.
The Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
Ambitious goals that include key health indicators and are motivating for other performance.
Through institutions such as the AIIB, regional multilateralism can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary," the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the tragic incident in Etah district of Uttar Pradesh.
Almost the maximum tax payers of India are going to benefit a lot from this.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
India's defence preparedness is guided by these considerations.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The International Conference of the Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is being held in California, USA this year.
A well-educated population will help India excel on the global stage.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
A large number of pilgrims visit both these places every year.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
He is also remembered for his work in the field of education and other social concerns.
If these are within the youth of a country, then that country will not only progress in areas like economy, science and technology but will also make its mark in sports.
The Framework Agreement was signed on 3rd September 2016.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily lives.
Strategic partnership
The National War Memorial complex consists of a central quadrangular pillar, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
When all the parties work together in the interest of the country, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
He encouraged the jawans to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
He said that through this conference, the top police officers get a complete perspective in understanding the problems and challenges.
Their goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
A law was passed in 2015 for disclosure of money in foreign bank accounts.
Congratulations to all the sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track at 'Usha School of Athletics'.
Jasmer Singh went to work every morning before Rajni and her siblings got up.
You speak in one of the oldest surviving classical languages in the world.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in the Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
Praising the various social initiatives undertaken by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that the government has made many efforts to ensure that the standard of living of the citizens, especially the poor and the needy, improves.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to conquer Everest on behalf of Nepal.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district are from Kerala itself.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step to free ourselves from the shackles.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work in the last 150 years.
I was told by some people that a few days ago in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, more than three lakh people gathered together for a cleanliness drive.
He complimented the officers who have been instrumental in this transformation.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
I wish you success in your endeavours.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for setting up new medical colleges attached with existing district / referral hospitals.
The Prime Minister will also visit an exhibition at Rajpath Lawns to mark the occasion.
I commend the Ministry of Urban Development under the leadership of Venkaiah ji for the Value Capture Finance Policy framework.
In this context, my heartiest congratulations to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the wide horizon of 'Incredible India' can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
He said that a few months ago, a national strategy has been prepared to create a strong infrastructure for research in artificial intelligence.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
And that is why the state government is being helped a lot in increasing the basic facilities in the state.
The agreement that has just been exchanged will establish this understanding.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers.
Now, some might say, why did you take two years?
The total sale of Khadi and handicrafts has also seen an increase of almost 90% this year from the previous year.
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy retail, but sell in bulk.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge in our engagement.
The Prime Minister said that the government's drive against black money is a bold and decisive step.
It brings harmony in the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by left-wing extremists in 2016-17.
He said that during the current financial year, states are receiving more than ₹11 lakh crore from the Centre, which represents an increase of about ₹6 lakh crore over the last year of the previous government.
Well, young friends, you are preparing for the exam and I am keeping you in the loop.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to our state capitals.
Shri Vijay Rupani, Chief Minister of Gujarat;
Record growth in the last two and a half years
It is an occasion to worship Maa Durga.
In his message, he said, "I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his Jayanti.
In this event, apart from the 13 medals we won, we also won 3 more medals in the mix event.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Kingdom for cooperation in the field of law and justice and the establishment of a Joint Consultative Committee between the two countries.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional support to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
The Prime Minister called for abandoning the "chalta hai" approach and adopting a "badal sakta hai" approach to ensure positive change.
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "We are proud of Kidambi Srikanth's victory at the Australian Open.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons during Diwali has registered a growth of nearly 680 per cent.
I was saddened by his death.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organization and their entire team and the citizens of Chandrapur.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this auspicious festival.
I have worked hard throughout the year, now there is an opportunity to tell, this should be a festival of such enthusiasm.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that "playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act."
Indian soldiers showed the world that they are second to none when it comes to warfare.
This change brought two important changes in the politics of India.
Excellencies, I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and in February last year.
India were the Asia Cup champions in 2003 and 2007.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
There will also be a very good contribution from all parties.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the habitations are now connected with rural roads.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has made every Indian proud by winning the Denmark Open title in an outstanding performance.
He said the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
I will be attending events in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
Regional and international cooperation will be helpful in advancing such actions.
I see in front of me, a very large number of Bal-Kanhaiyas are also present here.
Non-communicable diseases, including pediatric heart disease and cancer;
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North Eastern Region.
Be it the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the sun-kissed deserts, yoga is enriching every life, in every situation.
We are in a time where diamonds are being used in glasses, watches, and pens.
He asked NITI Aayog to follow up with the states on the actionable points suggested within three months.
They want to be assured that the rules will not be changed arbitrarily overnight.
Now the time has come to have a debate on this, to find a way.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers in practicing yoga asanas at the Forest Research Institute grounds in Dehradun, nestled in the lap of the Himalayas.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that the senior-most and the junior-most officers have a long interaction among themselves.
This is not a criterion for your life.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the loss of lives and devastation caused by the tsunami after a volcano erupted in Indonesia.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque to mark the 3 billionth Meal for Service by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir.
In the case of cooking gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts.
It is not surprising that Japan has become India's fourth largest FDI source today.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to assimilate a lot of things.
DD Arun will be the 24th channel operated by Prabha Doordarshan.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Mr. Pravind Jugnauth, will be the Chief Guest at the 15th edition of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Convention.
His contributions are highly valued in India and the United Arab Emirates.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meter race in the ongoing Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland.
India's biggest tax reform i.e. GST has been implemented recently.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
The dream of 'Ek Bharat-Shreshtha Bharat' lies in this.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all issues.
He told the Secretaries that we must mobilize to create systems to meet global aspirations.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to make the understanding of yoga more developed.
During the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land has been benefited to a greater extent through such water conservation and water management measures.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a people's movement due to the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
In the presentation made by the CEO, NITI Aayog, it was highlighted that significant progress has been made in several areas.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
I appealed to people to give each other books instead of bouquets as greetings.
As of May 2018, more than 50 million women have been organized into 4.5 million self-help groups.
Now when the Kisan Credit Card will be converted into a RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell anywhere with his card.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia spoke of massive public awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
He also said that this will instill confidence among the common people which is the key to a 'New India'.
The Prime Minister said Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to keep pace with progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
The 100% neem coating of urea has also resulted in reducing the expenditure on fertilizer, in addition to increasing productivity.
I look forward to leading the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
November 26 is our Constitution Day.
He also believed in the power of education.
The country is moving in the right direction every moment.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Bait Dwarka.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense potential in the tourism sector and the world is keen to visit India.
He also recalled the contribution of members of the Indian community to Kenya's independence movement.
This is the fourth such event in the series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with the beneficiaries of various government schemes.
We look forward to continuing our engagement with our other development partners, including the AIIB.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Several events are being organised across the country to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the US in June this year.
Thirdly, the Prime Minister laid special emphasis on private sector participation in gas distribution.
Urban development includes the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, AMRUT, and Smart City schemes.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks its completion.
Also, India is a large milk-producing country.
I was reading an old interview of Sam Manekshaw, the great military officer of India.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the women power of the country.
Friends, Until now, importers from India had to go abroad to see and buy rough diamonds.
My and every Indian's thoughts are with his family in this hour of grief.
Your disappointment at the sight of it will turn into confidence.
Ekta has won Gold and Bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
He asked the officials to prepare an action plan during the Revenue Gyan Sangam to reduce the latency of these cases.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but it has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet for the sake of peace only, our soldiers fought all over the world.
Excellency, we appreciate your vision and leadership in leading our country out of the crisis and onto a path of economic prosperity.
This will facilitate students interested in film from the northeastern states.
After a disaster, the whole world has to take responsibility for it.
The use of this bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and significantly reduce travel time.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
If the family always denies the child in the family and expects the neighbourhood to respect the child, that is not possible.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is going on.
Both sides committed to continue mutual support and coordination in various fora, including BRICS and ITU.
This was the fourth dialogue in a series of five such dialogues.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to energy, connectivity and health sectors.
It is on the foundation of good knowledge that a comprehensive framework of a better society should be built.
Talking about ID1, 55% of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees i.e. about 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
The grid is part of the government's plan to provide affordable and quality gas to the entire northeastern region.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India today has given itself a huge impetus for the future.
For example, under India's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
We are rapidly moving towards renewable energy generation.
This year too, we should try to organize 'Run for Unity' in our village, town, city, metropolis.
Every moment we get to learn something or the other from saints, sages, sages, great men.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
Even after so many obstacles, Rajni did not lose heart and continued to learn boxing.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his chief ministership and going to a place will shorten his tenure, then such a person is not at all entitled to become the chief minister.
I am, therefore, surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has so far paid a bilateral visit to Portugal.
Noted nationalist and Tamil poet Subramania Bharati has been noted for his revolutionary poems Pudumai Penn, New Women and Women's Empowerment.
Apart from Kathmandu, I am also looking forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking a number of proactive steps, including a five-year national action plan, to improve your quality of life.
Along with the high-speed rail project, a training institute is also being built.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
As popular business centres, they also rank high in the ease of doing business rankings.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other distinguished dignitaries.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during World War I.
It is estimated that 1 to 1.5 lakh knee implants take place in India every year.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans at its own level.
Pariksha Pe Charcha: One of the special features of Pariksha was the open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
He said the focus of the government is to increase production through faster connectivity.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of the sewerage network project in the western part of Agra under the 'AMRUT' scheme.
During a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach and a Humsafar rake.
More than one crore women representing various groups were covered in this interaction programme of the Prime Minister.
He gave a variety of examples in his reply along with the counter-arguments that appeared.
Any request for increase in the same will be considered by the State Government.